meet Minh Minh a seven-year-old female
and soon-to-be first-time mum hers is
the last baby Jew this year so she is
treated like a queen this is a tense
time and she's kept inside for her own
good
one quirk of panda breeding is that you
don't really know for sure if a panda is
pregnant or not until just before it
gives birth the signs are good though
min mins been eating for two or possibly
three as pandas often give birth to
twins she has big Jin K to thank for
getting pregnant panda dads don't stick
around after mating
so this laid-back lothario has plenty of
time to build up his strength ready for
the next time to do this heals bamboo
and lots of it for min min bamboo is now
being used more for nest building than
eating a sure indicator that her baby is
at last on its way after a five month
pregnancy she has finally gone into
labor it won't be long before min min
has her baby
you